<!-- TITLE: Home -->
<!-- SUBTITLE: A quick summary of Home -->

## Andramia notes:
Adramia and Uri met when she came to the Library (at age 113) after spending time at her family estate

Andramia served under Uri Thaloma as his first and so far only apprentice.

Background :
During the early part of her apprenticeship, Andramia had not yet developed her egalitarian view point. She was flippant and generally disrespectful of her master, seeing him as merely a human and not even one of noble birth. At some point the disrespect reached a boiling point. She was giving the task of cleaning every stall, chamber pot, and latrine in the Library. The task was so massive that all she could do every day was take on this chore. There was no time for study and in some cases no time for the midday meal, not that she had much appetite. Normally such a punishment would last a week maybe a little bit longer in order to make a point. In this case it lasted much longer. None of the elven masters would intervene despite her pleading. At first she was angry about being forced to do such menial work but as weeks became months her anger changed first to rage then grief and finally despair. She had no family at this point outside of Maelhaven, she had left her old life behind and it seemed as if her master was trying to run her out of her new home. Eventually she found herself broken and in tears in front of him, wanting to know what it would take to stay. At this point her human master knelt down beside her and wrapped his arms around her. As it turned out the young master was also in tears for having had to go so far with her. The point was to teach her humility, not just to punish her, and also to test her dedication. Due to her focused nature it took longer than expected to make her look to her master for help. After that experience she learned to treat others with respect and she formed a strong bound with her master, although the latter may have taken some time as she did not forgive him for a few years.

The story of her punishment became a tale to future apprentices, something newer apprentices would hear from older ones as either a warning or a joke, the participants of the tale mostly lost among the retelling, although some older masters likely remember.

After her ascension the two continued to work together and developed a close friendship although Andramia still shows a tendency toward deference toward her former master and at times will unconsciously slip into the master/apprentice role with Uri much to the amusement of both of them when it happens

She is well versed in the curse that sits upon Uri and has worked with him to understand it and someday break it

## Monastery Notes:
Tabohr Monastery was built on the edge of the white cliffs that span the western shores of Valwynne. It consists of one large and sturdy stone keep, six stories tall, built directly on the edge of the cliff. Immediately around it there are several smaller single story outbuildings tightly packed with a small courtyard between them. Surrounding all of this is a curtain wall two stories tall with ramparts and four towers — one built on the edge of the cliff on each side of the keep and two more evenly spaced along the walls between. When the keep was originally built, the region was considered remote and untamed so such protection was necessary to protect the monks and the library within. As the town of Maelhaven grew around the monastery, the university was founded immediately outside the monastery walls and eventually surrounded and dwarfed the monastery in terms of occupied land, though none of the university buildings are larger than two stories tall.

Originally, the monastery only consisted of the keep and walls, but as the library within the keep grew, the monks were forced to sacrifice more and more space within the keep to the library. The outbuildings within the walls of the monastery were constructed to house the living quarters, offices, main hall, and recreational spaces of the monks.

The library itself fills the keep quite literally. Shelves line every wall and free-standing shelves fill the space between leaving narrow corridors to move through. All shelves reach floor to ceiling and are well organized but tightly packed. One area, just inside the main entrance on the first floor, contains several long tables for visitors to use while browsing through books.

In the early days of the library, before the University was built, the 6th floor was restricted to the public and held the most dangerous and rare books and scrolls. Over the centuries as the library grew, the University library took responsibility for the more common and mundane tomes as the collection of rare and dangerous material outgrew the 6th floor. And the 5th. And 4th. And 3rd floors as well. Now only the first and second floors of the keep are open to the public, but now even these floors tend to contain the most advanced and rare books. Seekers granted access to the library are always escorted by a monk who assists them in finding what they are looking for and ensures they don’t attempt to enter the restricted floors, don’t use flame for light, and don’t write on or otherwise damage the books within the library.