<!-- TITLE: 2019 05 18 -->
<!-- SUBTITLE: A quick summary of 2019 05 18 -->

# Notes May 18, 2019

## real notes

NPCs: `Vulas (brother), Lilandra (sister in law), Amara (niece), Corril (Lilly's Uncle), "The Mother"`

* Arch Bishop Leeroy and his squire take off into the woods for "training," leaving the party short it's primary healer.
* Party wakes to discover that Uri has left the ship as well to find someone he's been searching for "for a long time." 
* Fenius researches the flake of Uri's sword. Determines that the sword is probably not cursed, though the magic has left the flake.
* Corril comes to the ship asking after Casira, saying there is a family emergency. Jubjub messes with him a bit, until Carril looks for someone else to help him.
* Fenius encounters Corril and finds his story suspicious; he immediately subjects him to "tests" that Corril doesn't understand, such as scans in the ship's lab (the readings of which Fenius misinterprests as even more suspicious), and forcing him to play the Xbox (in order to see if he is similarly susceptabel to its enchantments as the Arch Bishop).
* Sarya pulls Corril away from Fenius's tests and guides him to Casira, who learns that Lilandra and Amara are missing and may have been harmed, as their wagon was found abandoned in the Fae Wild.
* Suspicious of the coincidence of Uri's sudden departure and Corril's just happening to "find" the ship, Fenius agrees to help hunt down Casira's relatives.
* The party, along with Corril, find evidence of corruption along the trail to the abandoned wagon. When the wagon is found, it is a smoking ruin, and there is clear evidence of a battle between fiends and woodland creatures. Dryad tracks are found leading away from the site. The party follows, Casira leading the way.
* Deeper in the forest, the party is ambushed by a group of fiends. Battle ensues, but the party prevails, banishing a devil and slaughtering the others.
* A wounded dryad is encountered when she tries to entangle us in vegitation, suspecting that we are enemies. Casira speaks Sylvan to her, convinces her that the party is allied iwth her cause.
* Dryad leads party to "The Mother", and Arch Druid who is protecting Casira's family.
* Fenius is disgusted to find children playing with cooperative squirrels and further mortified when Jubjub joins in.
* Casira is heartened at the care given to her family and reveals to The Mother the situation regarding the seals and the connection to the ancient war. The Mother offers to keep Casira's family safe while training Lilandra. She also offers her long-dead sister's magical wrappings to Trixie, increasing the Tabaxi's martial prowess.
* Fenius, itching to leave, nearly pulls the party from The Mother's abode and sets up camp far enough away to avoid the tree hugger's cloying pall of cuteness.



## fake notes
* Arch Bishop Leeroy and his squire take off into the woods for "training," leaving the party short it's primary healer.
* Party wakes to discover that Uri has left the ship as well to find someone he's been searching for "for a long time." 
* Gasket is tailing Uri, since the familiar was put on "Uri watch" following the sword's reaction to being studied.
* Fenius researches the flake of Uri's sword. Determines that the sword is probably cursed. Fenius, familiar with the scenario by now, prepares *Hold Person* and *Remove Curse* before the party goes after the wayward dragon.
* The party uses Gasket and Casira's dragon sense to triangulate Uri's location.
* Party fights a pack of 3 hell hounds and another devil of undetermined nature. Party manages to win with only minor injuries.
* Party finds Uri giving his blood to a woman that Fenius determines is a witch. Fenius throws *Hold Person* on Uri while the others attack the witch.
* Fenius ties up Uri, release *Hold Person*, and helps the others subdue the witch, while Uri repeatedly yells for us to stop. Party knocks out both Uri and the witch, binding and gagging both. Fenius removes a crystal focus that feels tainted with devil magic. 
* Fenius casts *Sending* to coordinate a meetup with Leeroy in prep for interrogation.