<!-- TITLE: Session Notes 06/01/2019 -->
<!-- SUBTITLE: A quick summary of 2019 06 01 -->



# Notes 06/01/2019

- Aboard *Arcadia's* laboratory docked at Lindau, Fen discovers how to track/triangulate position of the seals and thus Uri. He creates compass-like tracking device.
  - Fen discovers 4 other sources are feeding power to the seals besides Uri
  - Fen creates a clockwork vessel to hold Uri's seal in case the dragon dies.
- Leeroy and Anthon return. 
- Anthon had killed a demon while with Leeroy, and he looks haunted by the experience.
- At Anthon's request, Fen starts teaching the boy magic because he is looking for a better way than steel to deal with his duties.
- Party arrives at Lexgate to start tracking down Uri.
- Party checks in with Order of the Gauntlet to let them know what they are doing and to look out for Uri.
- Uri's position is outside Lexgate, so they follow .
- Party encounters what Fen later discovers are hybrid demons: 1 spider-like, 4 Cerberus-like hounds, 4 tiny flyers. 
  - Trixie intercepts spider-like demon and stuns it. 
  - Fen gets bitten by two hounds, injured by 2 hound tooth spray attacks. Jubjub goes down from a spray of hound teeth. 
  - flyers attack with acid. The Captain retaliates, hitting flyers and hounds.
  - Fen takes Jubjub away on flying carpet then casts hypnotic pattern, incapacitating 5 demons. 
  - Trixie decks spider and 2 hounds, eventually taking out 2 hounds.  
  - Leeroy gets bitten by hounds and sprayed by hound teeth, then fireballs spider, hound and 2 flyers.
  - Casira kills one hound and finishes off spider. 
  - Fen cleans up last 2 flyers with fireballs from staff.
- Party tracks Uri down to a very small rural village.
- The Captain suggests burning the village to get Uri's attention, a move Fenius seriously considers in the interest of saving time.
- Instead of committing arson, Casira asks around and soon finds Uri in the town's inn speaking w/ the innkeeper. She is using Uri's crystal ball.