<!-- TITLE: 2020 10 31 -->

<!-- SUBTITLE: A quick summary of 2020 10 31 -->

# Shady Scales II

* Leeroy dispels possession from Gojira, which appears to effect the entire fort.

* Darkeyes and Ruvaen Vedaldi (Doe) are captured.

* Leeroy casts *Zone of Truth*

* Darkeyes reveals she is working for an organization that seeks to control the world and she has a prophecy to deliver:

  > From a island tainted by hate, the armies of hell begins again to cleanse the land of hope with unholy fire. On a island tainted by hope, a tower of secrets besieged holds the seed to all salvation. The paths between are treacherous and few: The Fallen; the Shadowed; the Diaphanous.  Take care, champions of hope, for each path may only be crossed once.

* Before the Party decides to execute Darkeyes, Ruvaen Vedaldi  offers his service in order to secure his relative's (Darkeyes) good treatment. The Party agrees, and Fen *Teleports* Darkeyes to be secured in a Pinnacle of Light's dungeon.

* All the dragonborn in the fort are now all possessed by the shadow demon.

* Fen raises a *Wall of Force* to clear a path to the gates of the fort.

* As the Party moves to escape, one of the dragonborn touches Uri, draining him of some power. It ominously whispers to Uri, "soon."

* Party stays the night in a Tiny Hut. Plan is formulated to summon shadow dragon into a *Magic Circle* in order to contain the being.

* Party *Teleports* to Lexgate. Alternate-Gillee is still catatonic. Party visits Order of the Gauntlet to get info on Kysara and then goes to inn to settle Kysara and Gojira. Fen gets 3 scrolls of *Dispel Evil and Good* and hands them over to Archbishop Leeroy.

* Party goes to Wizard's Tower to gather resources for shadow demon summoning and demon control. Little of use is found there.