<!-- TITLE: 2020 07 18 -->

<!-- SUBTITLE: A quick summary of 2020 07 18 -->

# A Shady Tower II

- The Eladrin is dead. Five of those in the status tubes survived. One of them, Marinette, is conscious.

- Party leaves with Marinette and the four other survivors on the flying carpet.

- Marinette explains that the tower is unstable because it is superimposed on an alternate-dimension version of itself because of the fracturing of reality that happened centuries ago.

- The group finds there way out, and they send Anthon ahead with the injured on the carpet back to the infirmary.

- Fen discovers the alternate-reality version of the Eladrin's compass is in his pocket, and it can now be read.

- The Party follows the compass in order to locate the arcane focus that Marinette claims is the key to bringing the two towers into sync to avoid an cataclysmic explosion.

- The Party enters combat after entering through an arcane air lock:

  - Uri is attack unsuccessfully by a magic rope but then hit by a crushing attack from the ceiling. He disables the crushing mechanism.
  - Casira, Marinette, and Fenius attack the rope mechanism, disabling it.
  - Leeroy is incapacitated for a prolonged period during the battle
  - Uri roams throughout the room, smashing various magical mechanisms.

- Once the mechanisms are destroyed, the compass becomes dormant and a pedestal appears that holds the out-of-phase magical focus for the tower. Marinette inspires Fen to greater heights of arcana in order to bring the focus into phase. This stabilizes the Arcanum:

  > **TREASURE** 
  > Your players will be indignant if they complete this room and don't get anything for their efforts. Any single magic item is an appropriate reward, along with 9,000 gp in a mixture of gemstones and art ob-iects from the room's vault. If you want to go the extra mile, consider the mazerunner's hand, a unique ring presented in the sidebar of the same name. 
  >
  > **Mazerunner's Band Ring**, *legendary (requires attunement)* Attunement to this ring requires a long rest rather than a short rest. During the long rest, you have a disturbing dream of endless corridors and looming danger, though no harm befalls you; you still gain the benefits of the long rest as normal. Once attuned, while wearing this ring you gain the following benefits: 
  >
  > - While in any structure that was constructed by sentient beings, you can't become lost and always know the shortest route to the exit. You have advantage on any ability checks made to locate secret doors in such environments. 
  > -  You have advantage on all ability checks and saving throws involving traps and hazards, even naturally occurring ones. 
  > - As an action, you can touch a trap or hazard and deh.tivate it instantly. Once used, this ability can't be used again until the next dawn. 
