<!-- TITLE: 2020 04 18 -->
<!-- SUBTITLE: A quick summary of 2020 04 18 -->

# The Gregening of Hrolleifsdalsa
- The cold and exhausted party enters the the town of Hrolleifsdalsa to look for an inn.
- The Great Transmuto! performs a *Sending* to Anthon's uncle to inform him that we've escaped the Underdark: 
> "Arch Bishop's Party escaped Underdark
> All survived with two new allies
> Now in Hrolleifsdalsa in North
> Contact town leadership and clergy to support Leeroy's authority"
- The Party interrupts the ceremony to dedicate the refurbished temple to Vomera being performed by Priestess Greta
- Party gets rooms at inn after relating their recent adventures to the townsfolk at Hans "Fenric" Ginglesmith's inn.
- Fen and Leeroy go to the temple; Leeroy's amulet gets cold, raising the suspicions of the Party.
- Greta is lying about how the town survived their recent plague; Leeroy casts *Zone of Turth* and finds out that Vaddon Ashworker had come to town and healed them.
- Party finds out that the amulet's reaction means the temple and priestess are foresaken.
- Uri finds out that a celestial is beneath the desecrated temple, and he breaks down the door to the priestess's room.
- Greta, grief-stricken, reveals that Vaddon had induced her to summon an angel, who he then bound in exchange for healing the town.
- Greta leads Party down into the temple basement to find the bound angel.
- Party finds a Planatar named , who is hanging from the ceiling bound by magical manicles inscribed with Infernal runes.
- After the manicles are removed, the planatar wakes and is enraged, declaring that the village must burn, so Uri grapples him successfully.
- Veralyn and Leeroy **pursuade** the planatar to calm a bit, but he still insists that the priestess that bound him should burn, and he incinerates her.
- Later, the planatar wakes in the reconcecrated temple, apologizes to the mayor for its behavior, then disappears.
- The Great Transmuto! coordinates teleportations with Andramea to bring the group back to Malhaeven in two groups. Leeroy makes the Hrolleifsdalsa temple his *Recall* location.