<!-- TITLE: 2020 08 01 -->

<!-- SUBTITLE: A quick summary of 2020 08 01 -->

# Invasion!

* Party leaves Alternate-Gilli to recover in the infirmary.
* Word has reached the public that Maelhaven has been infested with fiends and/or disappeared.
* Uri calls his clutch to Lexgate: Gojira (who is brewing up a race war employing a dragonborn army),  Kisara and Ramoth
* Party decides on plan to persuade the King of Ibalin to invade Maelhaven in order to stymie the fiends and retrieve the original Maelhavenese, while the Party goes after the Smoke Dragon to secure the stolen essence linked to the seals.
  * Fen and Uri research essence detector in Arcanum laboratory, in effort to track down Smoke Dragon. Uri frightens away Marigold, a revived Arcanum student, so Fen can create his essence detector.
  * King Gerbold the First sees the Party at his court in Lexgate. The Party encourages him to invade Alternate-Maelhaven.
  * Fen, Uri, and Leeroy *Teleport* to the Pennacle and leave orders for Bishop Reeve Hildebrandt to muster to Lexgate to support Maelhaven campaign.
* Maelhaven Campaign Leadership:
  * Vomerans: Ridaro Qualanthri, Female Elf   
  * Kingdom of Ibalin (Lexgate) : Trym Wilmington, Male Human
  * The Order of the Gauntlet: Raer Bulsara, Male Half-Elf    
* Party preps for dragon hunt. Fen buys party 2 warhorses for about 900gp, one black and one speckled gray mustang called Shelby.
* Party leaves to track down Smoke Dragon.
* Party is ambushed by outclassed bandits. Fen fries half of them with his staff. Uri skewers one. Vaeralyn fries the other half. Leeroy fries one with a level 7 *Guiding Bolt*. The rest run. Fen incinerates a fleeing bandit with a *Fireball.*
* Party takes long rest.