<!-- TITLE: 2020 11 21 -->

<!-- SUBTITLE: A quick summary of 2020 11 21 -->

# A Shady Summoning

* Party, 13 students, Head Mistress, Head Master, and six armed guards move out to the Mysterium's lab beyond the city to the north, west of the river.
* Ambushed by 13 devils. Group fights them off, killing all of the devils, but the expedition loses 3 guards. Fen collects blood from the fallen for *Summon Greater Demon*.
* The Party enters the Mysterium's estate and immediately sets up the summoning.
* Fen raises magic circles to seal the Shadow Dragon and protect himself along with Anthon. He and the 12 other mages present cast *Summon Greater Demon.*
* Uri activates *Detect Thoughts* and attacks the Shadow Dragon
* The whole Shadow Dragon is not summoned into the circle.
* Fen casts *Detect Thoughts* and discovers that the Shadow Dragon is sensitive to natural sunlight.
* Uri casts *Daylight* through the floating glow orb, causing the Shadow Dragon to shrink away from the light.
* Casira continually assaults Shadow Dragon with bolts, while Ruvaen lays down devastating sneak attacks with his crossbow.
* Shadow Dragon attacks Uri with his tail and knocks him prone, then resists Veralyn's *Lightning Bolt* for half damage.
* Shadow Dragon kills two students and Anthon. Shades rise from their corpses, and *Fen Flash* Boils them, discovering that the Shadow Dragon is immune to fire.
* Fen attacks with *Animate Objects,* while the Shadow Dragon builds a necromantic attack. Uri dashes from circle to escape the special attack.
* Veralyn unleashed an empowered *Chain Lightning* blast that destroys the Shadow Dragon, dissipating the necromantic attack.
* Leeroy *Revivifies* Anthon, while the Head Mistress and Head Master do the same for the other students.
* Most of Party takes a dip in a heated pool, courtesy of the Arch Bishop.
