<!-- TITLE: 2020 03 28 -->
<!-- SUBTITLE: A quick summary of 2020 03 28 -->

# Adventure Notes: March 28th 2020
- Leeroy casts *Word of Recall* to bring part back to Sanctuary
- Party discovers that the city is gradually becoming dangerously cold.
- Chandara says that the source of the cold is a building she has been avoiding.
- The building holds a portal to the surface
- Party sets out to rejoin the Sarya and Anthon and proceed to the building in order to leave the Underdark.
- Party encounters Rock Troll. Despite whole party being well-stealted, Leeroy attacks, dragging party into combat with troll.
	- Troll is dispatched within 1 round, after being surprised.
- Fen takes the image and location of the frozen building from Chandara's mind, and the party sets out for the portal.
- Party approaches forzen complex, eventually confronted by iced-over door that blocks area containing portal to surface
- Fen uses *Polymorph* to turn into a Titanosaurus, destroying obstuction.
- Uri melts away ice wall within portal complex, only to face yet another ice wall.
- Encountered **Ancient White Dragon:**
	- Leeroy takes *Cold Breath* to the face for 75; dragon withdraws towards portal
	- Leeroy is *Polymorphed* into triceratops and attacks dragon.
	- Leeroy is mauled; Uri steps in to shield him.
	- Dragon *Wing Attack*s; Leeroy goes down. Uri is left with 12 hp.
	- Dragon traps Leeroy and Uri in hallway behind wall of ice.
	- Casira and Veralyn break down wall of ice; Casira, at Transmuto's urging, drags Leeroy to safety, while Uri dashes away.
	- The Great Transmuto! raises a *Wall of Force* around the dragon and transmutes the wall adjacent to the portal into mud to gain access.
	- While the dragon is trapped, everyone passes through the portal into a blizzard on the surface world -- but not before The Great Transmuto! gives the dragon the finger, fries its brain then *Suggests* that chasing us isn't worth the trouble.