<!-- TITLE: 2020 07 04 -->

<!-- SUBTITLE: A quick summary of 2020 07 04 -->

# A Shady Tower

- Alternate-Gilly is seen by medics who bleed her.
- Casira calls a cousil of Gauntlet senior agents:
  - Brihta, young female human assistant to the regional commander
  - Ethelm, male human spymaster
  - Orpward, male human logistics and quartermaster
  - Minellye, female half-elf lieutenant
- Fen's "compass" starts vibrating and shoots out of his grasp. After a failed attempt to dispel it's magical effect, it flies outside beside the city wall. The Party gathers around it and are forced to make a Con check for temporary blindness. After this, the compass transforms into a giant tower, the **Arcanum**, which hasn't been seen in centuries.
- Fen finds 18 platinum and 240 gold among the corpses in the **Arcanum** antechamber.
- Party ascends staircase and enters a room that might have been a classroom. This activates four golems, who move towards the Party.
- The golems prove too much, as Casira goes down, and Fen *Teleports* the Party away to the Gauntlet's infirmary.
- Went back and explored a room in the Arcanum that looks like a lab/manufactory. Fen found an inventory list, and a "dapper collection of pointy hats."
- Searched a Summoning Room: found an inventory list, and a *Villains Cudgel* named Lucille 1d6 adv. vs. undead, dashing open skulls of humanoids on a critical roll.
- Searched stasis room and found Eladrin that gave Fen the compass. The Party clustered around her stasis tube and shut it off.

